some suggested updates to manuscript text (#63)
Infectious-Disease-Modeling-Hubs/hubEnsemblesManuscript: analysis/paper/hubEnsembles_manuscript.qmd

  knitr::kable()
```

> Next, we combine the component model outputsto generate predictions from each ensemble model. The resulting ensemble forecasts will have the same task ID variables, model output specifications, and general data set features (albeit for 4 total models instead of 42).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we combine the component model outputs to generate predictions from each ensemble model. The resulting ensemble forecasts will have the same task ID variables, model output specifications, and general data set features (albeit for 4 total models instead of 42).
```

  ))
```

> All of the ensemble models tend to have similar MAE values during the entire evaluation time period, with slight divergence in MAE values for certain weeks at the four week ahead horizon (@fig-mae-vs-forecast-date). However, the models show greater differences for the other two metrics, WIS and coverage, particularly during times of rapid change in the observed incident hospitalizations (@fig-wis-vs-forecast-date and @fig-cov95-vs-forecast-date). The linear pools have a lower WIS than the median ensemble at the one week ahead forecast horizon for over a third of forecast dates (11 weeks) during the 2022-2023 season: from October 17, 2022 to December 12, 2022; January 2, 2023; and January 9, 2023 (@fig-wis-vs-forecast-date). These dates span the rapid rise and fall of incident flu hospitalizations surrounding the season's peak, with the largest differences in WIS occurring on November 28, December 5, December 12, January 2, and January 9. Additionally, the PI coverage rates for the linear pools were at least as large as the coverage rates of the other models throughout the entire period of analysis at both the 1 and 4 week ahead forecast horizons (see @fig-cov95-vs-forecast-date).

Reviewer: While I like that a lot has been condensed into a single paragraph, I'm a little hesitant to delete all of the displayed code (since some of it is hidden in the fully rendered PDF) for the plotted scores. I was under the impression that we wanted to show more of the code in the case study from Issue https://github.com/Infectious-Disease-Modeling-Hubs/hubEnsemblesManuscript/issues/31, even if it's not exactly what the manuscript is about. 

If not, then perhaps another section on reproducibility is warranted (though it doesn't necessarily have to be implemented in this pull request before we merge, but I think that we should add a note on the issue I linked above about what it would entail).

Author: It's worth getting more input from @nickreich to make sure he's on board with this, but I'm just not convinced it's worth writing text about this scoring code and I'm borderline about even including it in the manuscript (the vignette is a different matter). A few reasons:

1. Scoring/evaluation is not the main point of this paper
2. This code doesn't reflect the workflow that we plan to eventually implement as part of the hubverse; this discussion about functions in `evaluation_functions.R` for computing and plotting scores will be obsolete soon. In some sense, detailed descriptions of this code could actually be counterproductive to include in a "permanent" paper about hubverse tooling, as it would give readers/users a permanent source of documentation talking about functionality for scoring that is not really where we want to direct them.
3. As far as I could tell, the two code snippets I deleted are not responsible for any tables or figures in the paper, so including and discussing that code doesn't really further reproducibility. If we felt it was critical to include code that produced the results, I'd vote for including the actual code for the tables and figures, either without discussion in the text or perhaps with a brief note saying something like "the code below uses one-off scoring functionality; hubverse functionality for scoring predictions is in progress at the time of this writing".

I feel differently about the vignette because:
1. it's more of a living document: once we get `hubEvals` going, we can easily update the vignette if we choose to
2. in the vignette, we can include code in a way so that it's there if people want to see it, but hidden by default to avoid distractions.

I do think including a short section (likely 1-3 sentences?) on reproducibility could make sense!

Reviewer: After thinking about it for a few days, I think I agree with you about deleting the code and adding a short section on reproducibility instead. I think I'm going to link and summarize this conversation on the issue about reproducibility (#31) and we can continue the conversation there while I merge this pull request since it has other important changes that it would be nice to get incorporated in so we could move forward with other revisions
